Add documentation for Windows support (#1216)
OCamlPro/alt-ergo: docs/sphinx_docs/Install/index.md

opam install alt-ergo
```

This command will install the Alt-ergo library `alt-ergo-lib` and the parsers `alt-ergo-parsers`, as well as other librairies detailled in [dependencies](#dependencies).

> Since version 2.6.0, Alt-Ergo is officially supported on Windows through opam 2.2 with both Cygwin and MSYS2. To setup opam on Windows, please follow the instructions [here](https://ocamlpro.com/blog/2024_07_01_opam_2_2_0_releases/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Since version 2.6.0, Alt-Ergo is compatible with opam 2.2 installations using both Cygwin and MSYS2 on Windows. To setup opam on Windows, please follow the instructions [here](https://ocamlpro.com/blog/2024_07_01_opam_2_2_0_releases/).
```

Doesn't hurt to be cautious about the amount of Windows-specific support we can commit to.

Author: By `officially supported` I mean we will do the efforts to fix them ;) You think it is too bold?

Reviewer: I understand; I am saying I am not sure we have the resources to commit to fixing Windows-specific issues (not that we won't fix them, but I'd be cautious about promising we will, even implicitly).
